hello how are we here in another
video more today we have this
The finished cake of the theme is the dragon
ball z el gokú here is the figure made
rubber paste
with its seven spheres the cake is
chocolate vanilla filling
It is two levels of low measure
is ten times four the one above is a
eight by four and has decorated with
orange ribbon that combines it
much with the orange color of the cocu that
You can see here you can see
figure is made all of paste paste
and I have my tutorial here on my channel
also look for it on how to make your own
paste paste
I highly recommend you everything
I work pasta fondant everything is
created by me
and here I have on my channel all the
tutorials can not be lost to you
well look it 's very easy to do this just
a little patience
these are simulating which are the stones
that's where they have their battle
where those giant rocks fight
they are there
I'm in black to highlight
much much the orange
here they are leaving a little spin for
that they can observe it well
It's not perfect but it's beautiful and very
creative for the cake theme now
this part of here is removed this part
from here above they will be left
there they believe apart their cake and everything
they are going to keep the top part of
memories that it's very nice to stay
with that part plus the children who
fascinate this is your favorite character
so it's that, look, I know what
I highly recommend that you do so and it is
worth it for example when you are
a rubber figure of pasta so that they
last a little more a little bit of time
plus
I have figures that I do and I have them
for four years and has not
gone absolutely nothing are in
perfect conditions nothing else is
question of taking care of them very well is everything
the heat passes and everything and nothing happens and
I have them intact so look
I hope you are encouraged to do this type
of things this kind of figures the cake
the bread I have also there in my channel
Chocolate is yummy tutorial on
vanilla filling that is all this
I also have the bar the chocolate pin
What a tasty good thing, hoping that
you encourage me to do it and give me a like
if you liked subscribe a thousand thanks for
always be video to video with me
we are pending for the next
video
if you liked give me a good bye